Docs: Config language reworked (#9090)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/config.rst

.. versionadded:: 3.6

> How many days Weblate should keep audit logs, (which contain info about account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How many days Weblate should keep audit logs (which contain info about account
```

.. versionadded:: 4.4

List of languages to offer users for starting a new translation. When not

> specified a built-in list is used (which includes all commonly used languages, but

Author: ```suggestion
specified, a built-in list is used (which includes all commonly used languages, but
```

.. versionadded:: 4.3.2

> Default source-language to use for example in :ref:`component-source_language`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`component-source_language` for any new components.
```

.. versionadded:: 3.4

> Merge-style for any new components.

Reviewer: It is called "Merge style" in all other places. If you intend to change this, please change it in all places at once in a separate pull request for each such change.

Reviewer: How about referencing the actual setting instead?

```suggestion
:ref:`component-merge_style` for any new components.
```

Author: Seems better to me. What I wanted to avoid was that it possibly reads like "Merge (the) style for any new components", rather than "(the) merge style for any new components."

.. warning::

   Setting this affects the security of your installation. You should only

>    configure it to use trusted proxies for determining IP addresses.

Author: ```suggestion
   configure it to use trusted proxies for determining the IP address.
```
Didn't check to see which is correct.

> List of authentication backends to allow registration from. This only limits

Author: ```suggestion
List of authentication back-ends to allow registration from. This only limits
```
Seems this has changed now https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontend_and_backend
which could mean changing all "back-end" to "backend" is warranted.
Did not consult the Weblate glossary.

Reviewer: It is called "backend" in https://python-social-auth.readthedocs.io/en/latest/backends/index.html and https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.2/topics/auth/customizing/#authentication-backends, so lets stick with the same naming here as well.

new registrations, users can still authenticate and add authentication using

> all configured authentication back-ends.

Author: ```suggestion
all configured authentication backends.
```

It is recommended to keep :setting:`REGISTRATION_OPEN` on while limiting

> registration back-ends, otherwise users will be able to register, but Weblate

Author: ```suggestion
registration backends, otherwise users will be able to register, but Weblate
```

.. hint::

>    The back-end names match names used in the URL for authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
   The backend names match names used in the URL for authentication.
```

REGISTRATION_CAPTCHA
--------------------

> An optional value of either ``True`` or ``False`` indicating whether registration of new
> accounts is protected by a CAPTCHA. A default of ``True`` is assumed if not supplied.

Reviewer: Nearly all settings are optional, so this should not be mentioned for each of them.

```suggestion
Whether registration of new accounts is protected by a CAPTCHA. Defaults to enabled.
```

Whether registration of new accounts is currently permitted.

> This optional setting can remain the default ``True``, or be changed to ``False``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

-----------------

Whether registration of new accounts is currently permitted.

> This optional setting can remain the default ``True``, or be changed to ``False``.

Reviewer: Defaults to enabled.

> This optional setting can remain the default ``True``, or be changed to ``False``.

Author: ```suggestion
This optional setting can remain the default ``True``, or be changed to ``False``.
Defaults to enabled.
```

.. versionadded:: 4.16

Allow rebinding authentication back-ends for existing users. Turn this on when
migrating between authentication providers.

.. note::

>    Off by default to not allow adding other authentication back-ends to

Author: ```suggestion
   Off by default to not allow adding other authentication backends to
```

   an existing account. Rebinding can lead to account compromise when using

>    more third-party authentication back-ends.

Author: ```suggestion
   more third-party authentication backends.
```

.. versionadded:: 3.8

Redirects users directly to a project or component instead of showing

> the dashboard. You can either set it to ``True`` so it only works in
> if there is actually only single project in Weblate. Alternatively, set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the dashboard. You can either set it to ``True`` so it only works
if there is actually only single project in Weblate. Alternatively, set
```

.. versionadded:: 4.17

> Configures when :guilabel:`Component seems unused` alert is triggered.

Author: ```suggestion
Configures when the :guilabel:`Component seems unused` alert is triggered.
```
